# Database-Project-PostgreSQL
The purpose of this project is to model a video rental shop Entity-Relationship Diagram (ER Model) with dbdiagram.io app and do the Normalization using the First Normal Form (1NF), the Second Normal Form (2NF) and the Third Normal Form (3NF). Then manipulating the database with PostgreSQL using commands of Data Query Language (DQL), Data Manipulation Language (DML), Data Definition Language (DDL), Data Control Language (DCL), Data Transaction Language (DTL).

The description of the business which the ER model should be based on is the following: A small video rental store has around 2000 DVDs. The DVDs rental must be controlled. Every DVD has an identification number and contains a single movie. Each film receives its own identifier, title and category (comedy, drama, adventure). For each movie registered there is at least one DVD. Longer movies may have two or more DVDs. Customers may want to find movies starring their favorite actors, therefore it is necessary to keep the information of actors who star in every movie, but keeping in mind that not every movie has famous actors. Each movie has a list of actors which shows their real name and other films of the same genre that actor participated. The rental company has many registered customers, whose name, surname, phone number and address are known. Also, each customer receives a membership number. Finally, the system should allow queries of the DVD rentals, with information on which customer rented what, rental and return dates, amount paid or payable, and delays.
